adds changelog for new default env vars in workers builds (#22988)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/workers/2025-06-10-default-env-vars.mdx

---

> title: Default system environment variables in Workers Builds

Reviewer: not sure I would consider these "default system environment variables" if they are variables related to the git commit/branch?

Author: Updated the title! We do call them "system environment variables" [in the docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/ci-cd/builds/configuration/#environment-variables), but agreed, not super accurate.

> title: Workers Builds adds Git context and build variables for flexible pipelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Access git commit sha and branch name as environment variables in Workers Builds
```

Suggest framing in terms of what _you_ (the customer) can do rather than more press release style (we, cloudflare, added x)
